2024 07 mock updates (#798)
ebi-uniprot/uniprot-website: scripts/README.md

### Recognised patterns

Here are some examples of patterns recognised by this script:

```ts
// Source: <URL>
// Retrieved: <date>
const mock = { field: 'data' };

export mock;
```

```ts
// Source: <URL>
// Retrieved: <date>
export const myMock = [{ field: 'data' }, { field: 'content' }];
```

```ts
// Source: <URL>
// Retrieved: <date>
export const serverData: MockType = { key: { complex: 'value' } };
```

```ts
// Source: <URL>
// Retrieved: <date>
export default { content: 'ATCG' };
```

Note that if there are multiple mocks within the same file, it will update all of them.

### Caveats

This script will not allow to have a type casting directly on the mock (using `as`):

```ts
// Source: <URL>
// Retrieved: <date>
export const mock = { field: 'data' } as MockType; // will not work!
```

If a typecasting is needed, it should be somewhere else:

```ts
// Source: <URL>
// Retrieved: <date>
const mock = {field: 'data'} as any;

export default mock as any;
```

### Usage

The script should be called through `package.json` script, for example using `yarn run update-mocks`. It supports several command-line options to customize its behavior:

#### CLI Options

> - **`--glob` (`-g`)**: This option allows you to specify a glob pattern to select the TypeScript files to process. The default is `**/__mocks__/**/*.ts`, which targets TypeScript files in any `__mocks__` directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`--glob` (`-g`)**: This option allows you to specify a glob pattern to select the TypeScript files to process. The default is `'**/__mocks__/**/*.ts'`, which targets TypeScript files in any `__mocks__` directories. Make sure to quote the pattern to prevent glob expansion at the command line.
```
